so this is the new unit from LD the
Taurus titanium 375 watt bulb disc
sander this is the second unit they've
sold this is well second I know of this
is the first one which result last year
for about the same price now you'll
notice this one is blue this one is red
I could stop there at the differences
but what that means is that this has a
one-year orgy this is a three I'm
generally the blue tools from LD are of
poor quality than those were in red that
was handled by some random third-party
company I've not heard of where is this
terminal through a pack much like their
clothes saw that I have done a previous
review on now
it's a packed cell one very very very
similar model has basically the exact
same specs just different coloring
different badge on and that goes for
about $200 this was 129 Ryobi also
produced the exact same unit except in
their hideous flora yellowy green column
and that's about 180 198 bunnies
so anything that applies to either of
those two model also applies to this so
compared to models as well as go through
the facialist of this first up this way
is considerably more than the blue unit
um this is got a curse on vase all
around here or is this is just
relatively thin little bounces of these
lines it's got a bit more heft us
although they're both 375 what motors
the one in this unit is considerably
more powerful seem to have a lot more
talking the Belden discs in not to slow
down half as much faster on the disc
here is not as it is small disc is only
150 ml 200 or 300 mil disc would be much
nicer but you get what you pay for
so that means
that means adding a curve to piece of
work
just getting it nice and flat that's
perfect not easier and quicker on this
one even in the same group because this
is spinning faster obvious differences
table height is lower power switch is on
the front here instead of around the
side or in the cybersquad inconvenient I
found the table is a better quality
table it is a bit more rigid as let's
find that this tended to pull out too
easily the interesting thing is that the
miter bar on the cheapy on the old unit
is actually a little bit better in some
ways they're both iminium with a plastic
gauge on it but this is the T track
style so once you slot that in can't
lift it up does have a bit of planar but
you can't lift it up on this one you
drop it in and you can move simple we're
gonna apply to it it probably doesn't
matter a great deal this is not a
precision instrument so in terms of
what's good and bad on this as I said
the ryobi model life and reviews on and
anything bad on that all good on that
can be found on this so starting from
the top you've got actually a pretty
nice guy this is fairly stable it's over
this table whereas the old model wasn't
so that you can jam it up there and
still get good pressure across there
these are now valve edges which is much
much nicer than the one style this lets
you change the belt by releasing tension
but there's no knob so if you fall in
that this slips because you're trying
too much pressure and whatever there's
nothing to do to fix that this will
adjust the tracking so you can make a go
back and forth if it's not centered and
power buttons
this isn't the greatest table of these
better than what they had you can see
it's got the zero clearance so that's
alright until you change the angle then
you need to grab the included allen key
which items placed go move just a screw
at the back here which is a bit blind to
set to bring that back into a level it's
not a great system but can you get what
you pay for one thing that does annoy me
is that there is no weekend to indicate
zero so you can actually tilt it back
negatively which is frustrating as well
as the compiling that up straight across
that surface can be a little bit
difficult end of the day I don't think
it's going to affect too much this is
more rough shaping tool than anything
dust extraction point this will fit a
standard shot back as you can see from
the dust on here it doesn't do a
fantastic job of get rid of a bit
without the vacuum on it's better in
that it does have some dust collection
my that who is not a great quality one
and possibly doesn't have enough suction
to make real sense of having dust
extraction on them ok so that's the
front side covered and the back side I
suppose flipping around to the back
you've got an unidentified pulled back a
little bit what a gauge the cities is
that port for the allen key which i have
found now if you're wanting to tilt this
table up you need to remove this guard
which has got these two hex screws there
and I think you undo that maybe it's a
bit Henri's don't turn these machines on
and see what the volume level is
hopefully my camera is all
gain control one kick in and that won't
make a teapot
I'll start off a fusion scent that's on
front brush knock sir mode is relatively
quiet
mostly the sound come from the belt
Robin that seems to be how much the
noise you can still hear the belt on
this one was much wider that's grown in
half the speed most of the noise
actually comes from vibration and run
out in the shaft of the disc